how do you do I'm Alfred Hitchcock and I
would like to tell you about my latest
motion picture Marnie which will be
coming to this theater soon Marnie is a
very difficult picture to classify it is
not psycho nor do we have a horde of
birds flapping about and pecking at
people willy-nilly we do have two very
interest in human specimens a man and a
woman one might call Marnie a sex
mystery that is if one uses at words but
it is more than that perhaps the best
way to tell you about the picture
is to show you a few scenes this is Mark
coming down the stairs of his family
home outside Philadelphia he is a
thoughtful man dark and brooding he is
in a sense a hunter and this is what he
is hunting Marnie seeing her in her
mother's modest house one wonders how
two such different people could cross
paths it was certainly not Marnie's idea
Marnie was going about her own business
like any normal girl happy happy happy
suddenly into this colorful life comes
mom
at first he didn't know what to make of
Marnie she does seem a rather excitable
type what would account for this strange
behavior as she just realized that she
forgot her umbrella
the colors stop the colors what colors
Marnie's trouble goes deeper than that
far deeper and this is the problem which
mark must probe but first something must
be done to calm this girl
our hero applies mouth-to-mouth
resuscitation
but that may give you the impression
this picture is all sex and no mystery
not so old
here for example Marnie is speaking to
I'm not sure who actually but he is a
man from her past a past she seems to be
denying oh dear they're at it again let
me assure you that this is all in the
spirit of investigation and this here is
further proof but Marnie is a talking
picture you don't love me I'm just
something you've caught you think I'm
some kind of animal you've trapped
that's right you are I've got something
really wild this time haven't I
I've tracked you and caught you and by
god I'm gonna keep you that should be
quite enough if you wish to hear more
you will have to buy a ticket as for
which one of them is the wild animal for
a times when I'm not sure I don't think
that was necessary actually I think I
should withhold comment since I'm not
certain I understand the scene I shall
leave the explanation to your own vivid
imagination it would appear that mark
has a single solution for all problems
this is not so mark is a complex man
dark and forbidding he can also be kind
and considerate and he is also a
troubled man troubled because he cannot
seem to unravel the mystery of the girl
called MA
you